Non-DLC w/o Omnipotent Orb

1. Multi-Target Almighty - Lucifer
    Trait: Mighty Gaze
    1. Morning Star
    2. Almighty Boost
    3. Almighty Amp
    4. Magic Ability
    5. Victory Cry
    6. Insta-Heal
    7. Firm Stance
    8. Drain Bless

    Mighty Gaze is used since Morning Star targets all enemies.
    Morning Star is one of the strongest Almighty attacks that targets all enemies.
    Almighty Boost, Almighty Amp, and Magic Ability are standard damage modifiers for damage-dealing Personas.
    Victory Cry since it's expected to one-shot all enemies, so the turn ends on Lucifer.
    Insta-Heal, Firm Stance, and Drain Bless are defensive skills. 
        However, for this specific role, they are open to anything else since Lucifer is only used for fighting mob enemies, not bosses.

2. Single-Target Almighty - Satanael
    Trait: Intense Focus
    1. Black Viper
    2. Almighty Boost
    3. Almighty Amp
    4. Magic Ability
    5. Tyrant's Mind
    6. Spell Master
    7. Insta-Heal
    8. Firm Stance

    Intense Focus is used since Black Viper targets one enemy.
        Pagan Allure is capped, so Intense Focus is chosen over it.
    Black Viper is the strongest Almighty attack that targets one enemy.
    Almighty Boost, Almighty Amp, and Magic Ability are standard damage modifiers for damage-dealing Personas.
    Tyrant's Mind is Satanael's unique skill, giving him 1.25x damage that stacks and is not capped.
    Spell Master is chosen because this build is mostly used against bosses, who are usually alone.
    Insta-Heal and Firm Stance are defensive skills.
        Compared to Lucifer's build, this is not open to change.
        Boss encounters have ailments and large damage.
        I chose Firm Stance over Ali Dance because I don't like leaving it to chance.
        I chose Insta-Heal over Fortify Spirit because I don't like leaving it to chance.

3. Ailments - Alilat
    Trait: Gloomy Child
    1. Wage War
    2. Lullaby
    3. Ailment Boost
    4. Ambient Aid
    5. Insta-Heal
    6. Firm Stance
    7. Drain Fire
    8. Drain Curse

    Gloomy Child triggers Ambient Aid.
    Rage lowers defense while Sleep lets any attack trigger a Technical.
    Ailment Boost and Ambient Aid boosts all hit rates for ailments.
        Base hit rate for medium-chance is 70%.
        Ailment Boost is a flat 1.25x.
        Ambient Aid, under weathe conditions, is a flat 1.3x.
        Total hit rate is 114%, rounded down to 100%.
        There is no need for the ailment-specific boosts.
    Insta-Heal, Firm Stance, Drain Fire, and Drain Curse are defensive skills.
        I chose Firm Stance over Ali Dance because I don't like leaving it to chance.
        I chose Insta-Heal over Fortify Spirit because I don't like leaving it to chance.
